Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to refactor our code.
Okay?
To do this, we have to do this right over here.
Or we can just do it right over this container, right this part.
And we have.
So what we can do is alight and click on this.
This last over here is tracked widgets and you can see it's asking for the name and it is a class.
So we have to use a capital XA we can say products model and click on enter.
Okay, we're just going to click on Refactor anyway.
And you can see we have a lot of errors because you can see why we have this class over here.
So it does not know what.
All this is that is the Indians.
You can see basically we are having this intense.
Over a year.
And now this is an entire class.
Totally.
You can just see this as another screen entirely.
Right.
Okay.
So now what we can do is over here, we can create a finer variable and we're going to make this variable
dynamic.
And the reason for this is because you can see basically we have different type of value.
You can see this is a string that is the product image.
The product image is a string.
And you can see why the.
Product name is also string.
And this is also a list write list of images.
Right.
And you can see we have this price and this price is a double, right?
So that's the reason we are making this label dynamic.
That is, it can allow any type of data and we're going to call this variable products.
And now what we have to do is to pass it on to the constructor by saying required and this is going
to be these DOT products as you're trying to cover.
And now you can see it is required over here wherever we are calling the product model.
So what we can then do is we can call that product and you can see it's asking for the value for the
value instead of having this.
Over.
Yeah, this all snapshot, the data, we can just have that variable studies.
So what we can then do, we can then say snapshot the data dot docs and we want to assess each of them
by their index.
And over here we need a well, we need to make it know.
Okay.
And instead of this, we can just get rid of this because we already have this over.
Yeah.
Right.
So this is basically a variable to store that long coats for us.
So we have to get rid of this.
Right.
And we just have to call that product variable.
We have over there, I think, products.
Okay, Cisco.
And we're also going to do it for this.
Get rid of it.
Really have a rainbow for that.
And it's going to be products.
And click on this.
And so.
And get rid of this.
And there's going to be products.
Per Cox.
Okay.
Sorry.
A wire as well.
And this is basically it.
Okay.
Now, what we can then do is we can just call this out from here and create a new file for this.
And we are going to have that error now.
And in the views directory.
So in the views, yeah, we can then create a new folder which we are going to call widgets.
And over.
Yet we can then create a new file and we can call this product on the score model.
Thought that.
And now we can just pitch this right.
And definitely we have to import the material that that package.
You can see no errors again.
And now we have to import this to that file.
And.
Get rid of imports.
Cisco.
No errors.
No.
Harris.
And we also have to do this for the shoes category.
Sorry.
This is gallery.
Right.
So what we can just do is.
Is.
Is, is.
What we could do is to copy this man gallery to save our time.
I think this should be the more easier way you can just get rid of this.
Right and use control to allow it and use constraint C to copy and shoot gallery use constraint a to
a delete this and paste this.
And now what we have to do is to use a light and use constraint data, a light similar name and we have
to say shoes.
Gallery and screen.
Right.
And this is going to be for these shoes.
I think we still have this era over there.
Shoes, gallery, screen.
Hmm.
What is the difference?
Okay.
Shoes.
This controller is going to have answers to all of them as.
And here's.
And Hess and Hess.
Okay.
What are the shoots gallery?
We have double L.
Okay.
Is contrary.
And this is going to be for shoes.
Right.
And we also have to do this for the women.
And let's get rid of that and.
Contra dee dee dee dee.
And this is going to be women.
Gallery and screen.
Okay.
And this is going to be women.
We still have that era.
I think we have a little spelling mistake.
This is going to be women.
We met Gallery.
Well.
So we know why.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
Okay.
So we've done for the shoes.
And I think the last one we have is the electronic.
So we have to allow it to get rid and push this.
And.
Contra Contra deconstructed contra dee dee.
And this is going to be like chronic.
Gallery.
Screen.
Corrects no spelling mistake.
And this is going to be what, Alec?
Electronics.
Okay.
Not electronics.
Electronics.
Make sure you don't have any spelling mistake.
Okay.
And Cisco for the I think I think our code is more simple.
Right.
Okay.
More easier.
And more.
He's there.
Right.
And more.
Easier.
Okay.
And that's good.
Check this out.
Hopefully no errors.
Definitely there should be no errors.
I don't really need to check this because there would be no errors.
It's basically the same thing.
Right?
Okay.
If you don't understand, please do well to let me know.
So I'm going to try my best to make things more easier for you.
Okay, guys, see you.